README.md, before:

# 
an internal tool for companies to create reciepts

this is the first commit just starting out with the structure



So:
-the company table is good.

-i need the VAT category for the products

το τιμολογιο πωλησης ειναι κατηγοριας 1.1 μαζι με κατηγοριεσ εσοδων
το τιμολογιο αγορας ειναι κατηγοριασς 1.1 μαζι με κατηγοριεσ εξοδψν

το δελτιο αποστολης ειναι κατηγοριας 9.3


ο δειγματισμος αναφερεται στον σκοπο διακινησης, και ειναι σε δελτιο αποστολης (9.3)



TO DO :

-When a company with no subcompanies is chosen the fileds of the delivery must filled up
-AA must be changalble
-Customers, subcompanies and products must be editable.
-epi pistosi must have options for how long, which is going to be presented in the invoice.
-PaymentMethod must be passed with the readble type not the number that it corresponds
-make the add product in greek

Commit message:

the payment is passed in readable form and the option to add a due date is given

README.md, after:

# 
an internal tool for companies to create reciepts

this is the first commit just starting out with the structure



So:
-the company table is good.

-i need the VAT category for the products

το τιμολογιο πωλησης ειναι κατηγοριας 1.1 μαζι με κατηγοριεσ εσοδων
το τιμολογιο αγορας ειναι κατηγοριασς 1.1 μαζι με κατηγοριεσ εξοδψν

το δελτιο αποστολης ειναι κατηγοριας 9.3


ο δειγματισμος αναφερεται στον σκοπο διακινησης, και ειναι σε δελτιο αποστολης (9.3)



TO DO :

-When a company with no subcompanies is chosen the fileds of the delivery must filled up
-AA must be changalble
-Customers, subcompanies and products must be editable.
<!-- -epi pistosi must have options for how long, which is going to be presented in the invoice. -->
<!-- -PaymentMethod must be passed with the readble type not the number that it corresponds -->
<!-- -make the add product in greek -->
-Pass the values about the products and the prices into the final invoice
